feat(Custom profile): explain convertion to App in RN (#1687)
bonitasoft/bonita-doc: modules/ROOT/pages/release-notes.adoc

=== Runtime changes

==== New application-based Portal

In Bonita 2021.2, the Bonita Portal is now removed, meaning that

 - Custom profiles are xref:#_custom_profile_navigation_conversion[converted into Living Applications] with default Bonita layout and Bonita theme
 - If you had customized the Portal, please note that the Look & Feel files are removed too
 - Some elements are not migrated (xref:#_process_manager_profile_navigation[Process Manager profile], Reports page), check the release notes to have the complete list

==== Custom Profile navigation conversion

Before 2021.2, you had the possibility to create custom profiles and a specific navigation, with menus and pages, to customize your Bonita Portal experience. Here is an example:

.Pre-2021.2 Custom Profile navigation example
image::images/temp-release-notes-specific/old_profile_navigation.png[Previous Custom Profile Navigation,600]

that looks like:

.Pre-2021.2 Custom Profile example
image::images/temp-release-notes-specific/custom_profile.png[Previous Custom Profile,600]

> In Bonita 2021.2, custom profile navigation has been removed, and thus they are automatically converted into Living Applications by the xref:migrate-from-an-earlier-version-of-bonita-bpm.adoc[migration tool].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Bonita 2021.2, custom profile navigation has been removed, and thus profiles with navigation are automatically converted into Living Applications by the xref:migrate-from-an-earlier-version-of-bonita-bpm.adoc[migration tool].
```

* STUDIO-4066 - java.lang.NullPointerException at build when wrong variable entered in script but not shown in validation
* STUDIO-4043 - errors while importing .bos in studio
* STUDIO-3962 - Release note view is broken on Windows
* STUDIO-3953 - LA Builder is slow
* STUDIO-3936 - EMF resources not in sync after using Git operations
* STUDIO-3898 - Model - annotations are positioned relatively to lanes coordinates (not absolute)
* STUDIO-3880 - Editing domain can be null on an opened diagram
* STUDIO-3875 - Issue with "Switch project" function
* STUDIO-3793 - UIPath connector is not working with cloud orchestrator

==== Fixes in Bonita Runtime

* RUNTIME-261 - BDM installation failed when a bdm was already installed
* RUNTIME-138 - Entire BDM install history lost when BDM deployment issue

> * RUNTIME-132 - [SAML] Getting the default logging page when signing in on a guest app

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* RUNTIME-132 - [SAML] Getting the default login page when signing in on a guest app
```
